whatever we need to fight we don't need
to die not a way of help who is gonna
help us you're not the only ones who or
we are lives to John's nor the door
don't want anyone in I'll be back as
soon as a color we no longer have sensor
stuck you played your games with her you
played your games with the heir to the
Iron Islands and now they're both gone I
can't wait to see what part Ramsey cuts
off you this time
lady Sansa I offer my services once
again
[Music]
and if they think they've taken from us
we're going to take back and the
princess my son
you don't know your own people their
disgust for you my Cherie Quran shall
draw goalkeeper pussy-ass cadre boy a
shot catchy fallacies on my stuff back
myself
oh she Holly are you listening blind
girl see you tomorrow
surrender by nightfall all this ends
with blood in my learner de pinion
we open that door and the slaughter
assault all over said is our only chance
who's always the red woman what's one
redhead gonna do against 40 armed men
you haven't seen a do what I've seen I
do
[Music]
[Applause]
asked poor and young Kai have stopped
asking us for aid the masters have
retaken both cities outside of marine
the whole of slavers Bay has returned to
the slavers what about the Dragons last
dragons were no larger than cats
they must be Unchained or their waste
away if it goes says their name and then
we'll give her eyes back
a girl has no name even a girl is not a
beggar anymore baby Walder has given
birth a boy sent Ravens to all the
northern houses Roose Bolton is dead
poisoned by our enemies you're not
coming with us
why are you going hey
it's about the Lord Commander the former
Lord Commander does he have to be what
are you asking bring him back
indeed Percy's I shouldn't be here the
lady brought your bike Stannis was not
the prince who was promised that someone
has to be that's my father
the man beside him is Howland Reed
Mira's father Matt King is dead Rhaegar
lies beneath the ground why weren't you
there to protect your prince where's my
sister what's in the tower that's enough
for one day
I am the king you are a true leader
avails himself of the wisest council he
can and no one is wiser than the gods
I was busy learning who funds the sons
of the harpy some things you can't rush
he found out the good masters of a stop
or if a girl is truly no one she has
nothing to fear
[Music]
no one why have you come to Winterfell
Lord am the bastard Jon Snow led an army
of wildlings past the wall we need to
help each other who's this Rickon stark
welcome home
[Music]
if you have any last words now is the
time you shouldn't be alive it's not
right neither was killing me you have
Castle black
[Music]
I killed me add my own brothers you want
me to stay here after that my friends in
the North Tommy sands has escaped
Winterfell we should help her that was
my instinct as well instead of
abolishing slavery overnight we will
give you seven years to end the practice
in exchange you will cut off your
support for the sons of the hub yes
Marjorie will repent her sins before the
good people of the city
Oh No that cannot happen you've got the
second largest army in Westeros you'll
bring them into the city
stop queen mattress humiliation before
it starts and check it back into crown
custody Theon Greyjoy I said he's dead
tell me what you want
you should rule the islands been to
fellas mind bustards come and see your
brother Rickon is in my dungeon I want
my bride back send it to me busted and I
will not trouble you where your wildling
lovers keep it from me and I will ride
north and slaughter every wildling man
Ramsay Bolton Lord of Winterfell before
Denis the north you're the son of the
last true warden of the north northern
families are loyal they'll fight for you
if you ask what's man I was an Evoque
IKEA really matching and having no Yuri
bad river
[Music]
you
a mattress who calls herself lady drain
a girl has been given a second chance
there will not be a third
we gather today to choose a new king
as our leader who makes a claim
I wasn't born to be king I paid the iron
price and here I stand they stole our
best ships won't be enough to save them
I command you to heal yourself and then
return to me I need you by my side
[Music]
he's owe me the night came he saw me he
touched you he knows you're here he's
come for him but he can't get it you
can't know
we need hey now listen to a friend
Brendan
Hey
Oh
[Music]